That doesn't count!
Ms. Cai cheated.
Protest overruled.
I declare...
Auntie Cai wins.
She advances to the final against Professor Fan.
Great!
Professor Fan!
Auntie Cai!
Come on, Professor Fan!
What's going on?
Calm down.
Calm down. Are you okay?
No need to compete.
Xiao Cai is sure to be the champion.
Not necessarily.
I'm betting on Old Fan.
This expert professor...
when it comes to useless things...
is particularly capable.
I'll bet you ten bucks.
You're on.
Ready...
Go!
Mom
This kid
My son has come to see me
What are you doing?
Did Little Fox kick you out again?
No, Mom, I just missed you
I came over to see you
Shoo, you're making it up
Look at me
Look at this
It's not for you
Toothbrush, toothpaste
Undershirt, boxers
Why did you bring a towel blanket too?
Mom, you know how it is
If I don't have this in my mouth at night
I can't fall asleep
How embarrassing
Let's talk outside
Let's go
I announce
for this fun activity
the winner of the Staring Contest is
Mr. Fan Dacheng
Thank you, everyone
Thank you
Wait
What's going on?
What's wrong?
Plain glasses
No prescription
Stop it, give me the glasses
He is nearsighted
Cheating
When he doesn't wear glasses
his eyes are no different from a blind person's
Cheating
This doesn't count
Doesn't count
Who said plain glasses aren't allowed?
Hey, hand over the money
He is cheating
You're trying to get out of paying
Referee, uphold justice
Come on, take the money
Referee, you need to uphold justice
Money
I
We were just talking
I'll go check on Auntie Cai first
Talk later
No, you can't
Why did you think of wearing plain glasses?
Tell the truth
What is really going on?
Nothing serious
It's just that Xiaoli likes bamboo mats
And I like grass mats
So we started bickering
Just over that?
Was that necessary?
If it's bamboo, let it be bamboo
She put the bamboo mat on the floor
Is it uncomfortable to sleep on?
If it's uncomfortable
Why put a perfectly good thing on the floor?
I sleep on the floor!
Where's the bed?
Xiaoli and her mom sleep on the bed
How come?
Her mom moved into our house
No, she didn't officially move in
She just came to help with the kid for a few days
Once the child's injury heals
she'll go back
What?
Doudou got hurt?
Nothing serious, just got hit by a car
Mom
Mom, why did you faint?
Help!
Someone come quick!
Where?
Where's the fire?
Her blood pressure is a bit low
Nothing serious
She'll be fine after a rest
Thank you, doctor
No problem
Thank you for your trouble
It's my fault
I spoke too fast
I didn't have time to explain clearly
And my mom just collapsed
Actually,
it was Doudou driving a toy car
and crashing into another kid's toy car.
He got a bump on his head.
You wretched kid.
You should have made that clear!
Look how you scared
me and your mom.
So what's with the injury on your head?
Didn't I just say?
It was Doudou,
driving a toy car...
The injury on your head.
Oh, this?
Since Doudou got a bump on his head,
my mother-in-law
insisted on coming over to help for a few days.
It's fine that she came,
but she started nitpicking everything I did.
It was Hu Xiaoli who didn't watch the kid,
but she blamed it all on me.
Insisted I don't care about the family.
Said I don't sweep,
don't do dishes, don't cook.
Me, cook?
When do I have time to cook?
I'm so busy!
Playing mahjong,
playing poker,
playing Fight the Landlord.
Where would I find time to cook, right?
As we talked, things got heated.
I went straight to the kitchen without a word.
I grabbed a kitchen knife.
Why bring a knife into it?
Let go of me.
I grabbed the kitchen knife
just to prove
that I can cook too!
And then?
Then,
my mother-in-law had the same reaction as you.
She grabbed a frying pan
and just
whacked me right on the forehead.
No matter how I explain, she won't listen.
She insists that I attempted domestic violence.
So she kicked me out.
She's out of line!
I can beat my own son,
but no one else can.
I'm going to fight her right now.
Give it a rest, Auntie Cai.
Dabao's actions...
...really were easy to misunderstand.
Well...
Xiao Cai...
Don't you know Dabao's personality?
Would he dare grab a kitchen knife to fight someone?
His mother-in-law might not know,
but doesn't your wife know you?
Exactly!
When the old lady kicked you out,
didn't your wife help you out?
She did.
My toothbrush and underwear...
...she packed them for me.
Pfft!
What good is a wife like that?
Divorce! Divorce immediately!
Auntie Cai,
you're usually the peacemaker.
How can you advise a divorce?
You're always saying,
"A short marriage creates deep bonds."
"Better to destroy ten temples..."
"...than to break up one marriage."
How can we not break it?
His head is practically broken!
And I should just swallow my anger?
Uncle Liang, say something to persuade her.
They're ganging up to bully us!
Why wait? Divorce them!
Dabao, if you don't divorce, you're not a man!
All right, enough.
Everyone, let's calm down first.
Essentially, this is just a misunderstanding.
Even if we ignore your feelings as a couple,
you have to consider the child.
Let me ask you, Dabao.
Well,
isn't your wife the one raising the child?
If you divorce in the future,
the court will surely award custody to her.
Auntie Cai,
then you won't be able to
see your grandson anymore.
On what grounds?
Doudou's surname is Chen.
So of course,
custody should go to the Chen family!
That's not how the law works, Auntie Cai.
Who gets custody
depends on who the child lives with,
how old the child is,
and the child's own preference.
It seems you don't believe me?
Fine.
I'll go find the legal statutes for you.
Before I get back,
Auntie Cai, don't go anywhere.
Hey, what?
The book says,
"Using fabricated facts or concealing the truth
to obtain property
is called fraud."
Professor Fan's behavior...
...I'm letting him off easy by not suing him!
Mr. Li,
aren't you exaggerating a bit?
You just want to get out of paying that ten yuan.
No, seriously.
After all this talk,
are you two really fighting over ten yuan?
Why don't you two stop arguing?
This ten yuan,
I'll pay it, okay?
No!
Mom, don't cry.
Mom!
How can I not cry?
Hu Xiaoli's family is bullying us!
If the court awards Doudou to them,
how am I supposed to live?
Little Cai, don't cry yet.
Didn't Dr. Chang just say...
Whoever the child lives with...
...is who the court will award custody to.
Right, he said that.
We need to strike first.
Let's get the child over here first.
If the child lives with you...
...the court will award him to you.
Right.
Your Uncle Liang's idea is right.
No...
What time is Doudou picked up every day?
Every day...
How would I know?
Let's go.
Let's go snatch Doudou right now.
Mom, will this work?
You just want to anger your mom to death.
At a time like this...
...and you're still so spineless.
Hurry up, let's go.
Slow down.
Mom, are you really going?
Yes.
The book also said...
Dr. Chang.
His behavior...
You're just in time.
Give us your opinion.
Later.
I have something urgent right now.
What?
Old Chief.
This book...
I'll borrow it for a moment.
What?
What does this mean?
He just took away my legal basis.
Are you guys in cahoots?
Who's in cahoots?
President Li,
have you developed senile paranoia?
Who?
Alright.
I've decided.
Professor Fan and Auntie Cai
are joint champions of the Staring Contest.
Is that acceptable now?
If that's the case,
President Li,
give me ten yuan first.
Then I'll give you ten yuan back.
How can we do that?
If anyone's giving money,
you should give me ten yuan first,
and then I'll give you ten yuan.
No, it's me.
Give it to me first.
What's the difference?
It cancels out either way.
Is this really necessary?
Yes, it is.
Big brother, you can't go in.
Brother, look here.
I really am the child's parent.
If you don't believe me, I'll recite my ID number.
One...
Don't.
No need.
Big brother, you didn't bring the pickup card.
You can't go in.
Brother, look.
My name is Dabao.
My son is Doudou.
Sounds like my kid, right?
Look here...
Darn it, why are they stopping him?
Dabao is probably usually busy with work.
He doesn't come to pick up the child often.
So the security guard doesn't know him.
What should we do?
Initiate the backup plan.
Big brother, we have rules here.
It's for the child's safety too.
Consider my position too.
Can you make an exception?
No.
Can't do it.
Just let me in.
Come on.
If everyone goes in,
that would be bad.
Then what am I here for?
What's the point of a guard?
Right?
What are you laughing at?
Who are you guys?
You...
You tell him.
This is...
What do you do?
Rodent Control Office.
Right.
This is...
Director Rat of the Grain Control Office.
Comrade Liang of the Rodent Control Office.
Rodent control.
Right.
Here to inspect your work.
Young comrade.
Hello.
Your rodent control work...
is being done quite well.
At least from what we can see now,
there aren't any rats nearby.
Thank you, leader.
I haven't done anything.
Don't get arrogant just because of results.
Regarding the rodent control work,
I have a few points to emphasize.
Point one.
Point one...
That is, we must...
firmly grasp the rats' weaknesses.
The leader is talking to you.
Go ahead.
What weaknesses do rats have?
You tell him.
Rats are also called mice
Please leave immediately
Teacher
I am Chen Doudou's father
Chen Doudou's mother told us
that if anyone pretends to be Chen Doudou's father
to pick up the child
make him leave immediately and call the police
You should go now
No, Teacher
why would I pretend?
I really am Chen Doudou's biological dad
Then why haven't I seen you before?
It's not... because of my work...
Anyway, I am his real dad
Really the biological dad, right?
Yes, I am
Then you're exactly the one we're stopping
Doudou's mom said
that you took out online loans
and you want to take the child
to sell to a fraud gang to pay off debts
What?
She... how could she...
Hey
What are you doing?
I...
That Hu Xiaoli
she really knows how to spout nonsense
Um
Doudou's mom said you also have violent tendencies
I...
Young man
The key issue of this rodent control problem
is to implement the key issue
So
what is the key issue?
I want to test you
You tell me
I'll tell you
How would I know?
You...
Where's that fat guy from just now?
Uh
Stop thinking about that fat guy
The leader is speaking here
Now, the key to the key issue
Right
So I want to test you
So, the key to the key issue
what is it?
Let me tell you
Are you luring the rat out of the mountain?
Luring the tiger out of the mountain
Luring...
Don't...
Teacher, look at me seriously
Do I look like someone who knows a fraud gang?
How could I tell that?
Where is he?
Hey young man, you...
Come here
Are you guys in cahoots?
Come here, come back
Is this your accomplice?
Yes
What accomplice?
That's my mom
What about your mom?
Dabao
The elderly don't know the law, but don't you know?
Can you just steal a child back?
If I hadn't gone to the police station to explain
who knows how long the three of you would be detained
My dear Auntie Cai
my good Auntie Cai
how could you be so reckless?
We are all family, you...
talk about family affection
talk some sense
Talk sense?
You haven't seen that mother and daughter pair
Chen Dapang
You think I can't find you if you hide here?
Snatching the child
Auntie, watch me kill you...
Hu Xiaoli, don't
You dare to cause a scene here?
Watch me...
I...
I'm dodging
See that?
Bullying my son right in front of my face like that.
You stop right there!
Stop right there, Old Cai!
Are you going to handle your son abusing Xiaoli?
Who's abusing whom?
Everyone here saw it.
Xiao Sun, you...
You're twisting the facts.
My daughter acted in self-defense.
Ma'am...
Self-defense means...
during the process of him committing domestic violence...
reasonable resistance is carried out.
Listen to that. Only then...
He said it.
He was committing domestic violence against her.
I was stating the legal definition.
Not the factual basis.
That's enough.
How about this...
Let me talk to this big sister.
Step aside.
Who are you calling "big sister"?
A bunch of people with one foot in the grave,
idling away in a nursing home waiting to die.
And you're acting young with me?
This...
Ma'am...
You can't say things like that.
That's right.
The elders come to our nursing home...
to receive better care.
Professional care.
Wha—
What do you mean "waiting to die"?
Our nursing institution's mission is...
To make money.
That's right.
No, wait.
It's to serve the elderly.
Then why do you charge money?
That covers our reasonable operating costs.
Isn't that still just to take money?
Uh, Sis—
Big sister...
Our Willow New Town here...
really doesn't charge much.
Some people really do help count the cash after being sold.
Forget it.
Alright, I don't want to waste my breath on you...
...bunch of old folks.
As for me...
I'm going home.
To reunite with my grandson.
Wait, Xiao Sun...
Auntie Cai.
See that?
That piece of work.
She was my best sister back then.
In today's words, a bestie.
Right?
Dabao and Little Fox's childhood betrothal...
was arranged by me.
The key is, I didn't expect to be blinded by a fledgling.
I was wrong.
So you mean...
our Willow New Town...
won't be charging fees then?
What I mean is...
persuading Dabao not to divorce.
I was wrong.
Auntie Cai.
I support you.
This marriage...
must end.
Then my big grandson...
Don't worry.
Major law firms are full of my alumni.
We'll use the weapon of the law...
to snatch back your grandson.
Right.
I'll go out and check again.
I'll try to goad the couple into another fight.
Don't do that.
My son can't beat that Little Fox.
If you can't live together, you have to divorce.
Enduring, dragging, stalling, suffering, stewing...
Making do...
is bad for everyone.
Look at me, Uncle Liang, back then...
when I first got divorced.
It really felt awful inside.
I felt uncomfortable all over.
But look at me now.
I'm relaxed.
I'm totally relaxed.
How relaxed am I!
I'm free.
I get up whenever I want.
After getting up, I just don't fold the quilt.
Dirty clothes and smelly socks thrown on the bed.
One shoe, hey...
lying under the bed for over half a month.
I just won't fish it out.
So what?
Who dares to control me?
That's true.
Who could possibly control you?
After eating...
pots and pans pile up in the sink for a week.
The trash in the wastebasket...
has piled up into a mountain.
I just won't move it.
It will never disappear.
When I go out, the house is a mess.
A total disaster.
After coming back a month later...
Guess what?
What?
It's still a total disaster.
You really can't do without someone in the house.
No,
I'm saying I'm happy about this.
Uncle Liang, is this really happiness?
No, I... I'm free now!
Life is precious,
but freedom is worth more.
It's just that my ex-wife...
Not only was her cooking bad,
the main thing was she nagged too much.
Her standards were too high.
Every day she had to make me
two meat dishes, two veggie dishes, and a soup.
Staples were noodles, rice,
steamed buns, stuffed buns, meat pies, pancakes,
dumplings, potstickers...
She never repeated a dish.
How annoying is that?
Look how good I have it now.
Whatever flavor I want to eat,
that's the flavor I eat...
of instant noodles.
You only eat instant noodles?
Sometimes I add a ham sausage.
Dabao,
back then, Uncle Liang was just like you.
I was a hands-off husband too.
When you go to pick up the kid at kindergarten,
the teacher
doesn't recognize you, right?
She didn't let you pick them up.
I was even worse than you.
Once, when I went to pick up my daughter Jingjing,
I actually brought home someone else's kid.
Wouldn't you say the wife would be mad?
No, if you're mad,
just talk to me properly.
I'll change and that's it.
Right?
But she insisted on arguing with me.
And it wasn't just her arguing.
She mobilized her whole family to join in.
Her dad, mom, uncle, aunt,
and that wretched brother of hers.
Isn't this just a gang beating?
Could I tolerate that?
If I tolerated that,
what would happen to my status in the family?
Even though I wanted to be nicer to her in my heart,
I was already pushed to that point.
I had to fight her.
Fight to the bitter end.
Who told you not to discuss it nicely with me?
If you have something to say, say it nicely.
Since you made such a scene,
we must divorce.
We have to divorce.
Who's afraid of whom?
Right.
Xiao Cai,
don't you worry.
This time, I took all my years of divorce,
the experience from both positive and negative sides,
and explained it thoroughly to the kids.
It definitely won't work out.
You guys...
What's the situation?
Mom,
Dabao and I
have already made up.
We're going home now.
How could you make...
up?
Made up... good.
It's good that you made up.
Thanks to Uncle Liang's strong advice.
You have to help the two of us
thank him properly.
I swear to God!
I just shared my own divorce experience
with the two of them.
I didn't try to get them back together at all.
You still won't admit it.
You were the one blindly meddling.
It really wasn't me blindly...
I don't mean to lecture you,
but it was you two mothers who blindly meddled.
The young couple was just bickering,
showing a bit of temper.
It's just a lovers' spat that resolves itself.
But you two, on the other hand...
I don't mean to lecture you,
and you call yourselves besties.
You just protect your own kids and take sides,
blowing things out of proportion.
I don't mean to lecture you, I...
Haven't you lectured me enough already?
Grandpa Liang is right.
I didn't play a helpful role either.
I should reflect on that.
A married couple is like a pair of binary stars,
attracting and repelling each other,
maintaining a dynamic equilibrium.
Once the older generation gets involved,
it breaks their original orbit.
Their movement
becomes chaotic and
impossible to monitor.
It's just like the three-body problem.
What?
What body?
The Three-Body Problem.
Liu Cixin's sci-fi novel.
It's super popular, let me tell you.
I know it.
Isn't it the one where
the sun is about to explode,
and they have to take us Earthlings to...
Taurus or Pegasus or something?
Centaurus.
What you're talking about is "The Wandering Earth".
It's all about the same, right?
Director Chang, you too,
you've always supported my divorce.
Why have you changed your tune now?
That's why I said I need to reflect.
As soon as your in-laws came over
and questioned my management philosophy,
I got impulsive too.
Auntie Cai,
matters between young people
shouldn't be interfered with by the older generation.
And certainly shouldn't be meddled in.
So you mean
that I...
watching my son get bullied,
should just stand by and stare helplessly?
Yes, Auntie Cai.
We've prepared a surprise for you.
What surprise?
We decided to present you with a...
This is a surprise, huh?
You're doing this on purpose to piss me off, right?
Staring Contest?
I will absolutely not accept it!
I will fight them to the end!